reconcile: delete finalizer during reconcile only for resources that do not have any cleanup tasks (#1902)
VictoriaMetrics/operator: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmoperator](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/operator/): perform statefulset pods deletion instead of eviction when maxUnavailable set to 100%, which is important for [minimum downtime strategy](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/#minimum-downtime-strategy). See [#1706](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/operator/issues/1706).

* BUGFIX: [vmoperator](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/operator/): VMPodScrape for VLAgent and VMAgent now uses the correct port; previously it used the wrong port and could cause scrape failures. See [#1887](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/operator/issues/1887).
* BUGFIX: [vmoperator](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/operator/): remove unneeded finalizer from core K8s resources. See [#835](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/operator/issues/835).

> * BUGFIX: [vmdistributed](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/operator/resources/vmdistributed/): remove VMServiceScrape and VMPodScrape finalizers and do not remove VMAgent, VMCluster, VMAuth finalizers when DeletionTimestamp is not empty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmdistributed](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/operator/resources/vmdistributed/): remove  finalizers from VMServiceScrape and VMPodScrape objects and keep them at VMAgent, VMCluster, VMAuth finalizers when DeletionTimestamp is not empty
```
